From the mountains on every side rivulets descended that filled all the
valley with verdure and fertility, and formed a lake in the middle,
inhabited by fish of every species, and frequented by every fowl whom
nature has taught to dip the wing in water.  This lake discharged its
superfluities by a stream, which entered a dark cleft of the mountain on
the northern side, and fell with dreadful noise from precipice to
precipice till it was heard no more.

The sides of the mountains were covered with trees, the banks of the
brooks were diversified with flowers; every blast shook spices from the
rocks, and every month dropped fruits upon the ground.  All animals that
bite the grass or browse the shrubs, whether wild or tame, wandered in
this extensive circuit, secured from beasts of prey by the mountains
which confined them.  On one part were flocks and herds feeding in the
pastures, on another all the beasts of chase frisking in the lawns, the
sprightly kid was bounding on the rocks, the subtle monkey frolicking in
the trees, and the solemn elephant reposing in the shade.  All the
diversities of the world were brought together, the blessings of nature
were collected, and its evils extracted and excluded.

The valley, wide and fruitful, supplied its inhabitants with all the
necessaries of life, and all delights and superfluities were added at the
annual visit which the Emperor paid his children, when the iron gate was
opened to the sound of music, and during eight days every one that
resided in the valley was required to propose whatever might contribute
to make seclusion pleasant, to fill up the vacancies of attention, and
lessen the tediousness of time.  Every desire was immediately granted.
All the artificers of pleasure were called to gladden the festivity; the
musicians exerted the power of harmony, and the dancers showed their
activity before the princes, in hopes that they should pass their lives
in blissful captivity, to which those only were admitted whose
performance was thought able to add novelty to luxury.  Such was the
appearance of security and delight which this retirement afforded, that
they to whom it was new always desired that it might be perpetual; and as
those on whom the iron gate had once closed were never suffered to
return, the effect of longer experience could not be known.  Thus every
year produced new scenes of delight, and new competitors for
imprisonment.
